Add pollen notebook (#67)
MeteoSwiss/opendata-nwp-demos: README.md

- [**07_where_will_it_rain_next_24h.ipynb**](07_where_will_it_rain_next_24h.ipynb) — Visualize the probability of precipitation over Switzerland for the next 24 hours using ICON-CH1-EPS ensembles.
- [**08_where_will_the_sun_shine.ipynb**](08_where_will_the_sun_shine.ipynb) — Use ICON-CH2-EPS forecasts to map the probability of experiencing over 6 hours of sunshine on the **day after tomorrow**.
- [**09_constant_parameters.ipynb**](09_constant_parameters.ipynb) — Retrieve constant run parameters such as grid definition, vertical layers, and surface descriptors, and verify grid consistency with forecast parameters. Includes plotting a vertical profile and grouping by surface height.

> - [**10_pollen_conversion.ipynb**](10_pollen_conversion.ipynb) — Retrieve and load pollen forecasts as an xarray object, then convert from specific number concentration to volume concentration, and visualize the data using Python tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**10_icon_ch2_pollen_forecast.ipynb**](10_icon_ch2_pollen_forecast.ipynb) — Retrieve and load pollen forecasts as an xarray object, then convert from specific number concentration to volume concentration, and visualize the data using Python tools.
```
